Angels we have heard on high, sweetly singing o'er the plains.
And the mountains in reply echo back their joyous strains.
Marching on toward Zion, marching on toward Zion.
Under the X in Texas is where you'll find me, it's where I'll be,
Singing out the songs, warnin' the world of the perils to come.
With a cloud by day and a cloud by night.
Forced out of 'The Garden Of Earthly Delights'.
And one by one the states will know as they crumble like Jericho, from Canada to Mexico that Texas is the rock to lift you up when the words collide.
With the angels to guard and the angels to guide, upon this truth you can rely.
So take two steps toward Texas tonight.
Spoken: For the sheep shall flock to the call of that mighty Texas rock singing:
"Angel of God, my guardian dear.
To whom God's love commits me here.
Ever this day be at my side, to light, to rule, to guard and to guide."
Spoken:
Angel dons the metaphor, swings open those prison doors.
There's going to be a war to end all war.
When your heart hears the call, feels the weight of the fall, and the gravity of life's circumstance pulls you down, follow your fate to the Lone Star and join us as we sing along:
"Angel of God, my guardian dear.
To whom God's love commits me here.
Ever this day be at my side, to light, to rule, to guard and to guide."
Spoken:
If you survive the coming rains
The crash and the tide of the latter days
You can secure your slot
And fall in rank with the crippled and the faint
As the saints go marching on toward Zion
With guns in hand
As the saints go marching on toward Zion
With guns in hand.

Take two steps toward Texas tonight,
Take two steps toward Texas tonight.
Take two steps toward Texas tonight.

Spoken: follow the Lone Star in the sky and beg for the angels to guard and to guide.

"Angels we have heard on high
Sweetly singing o'er the plains
And the mountains in reply
Echoing their joyous strains"

"To teach the world to sing
In perfect harmony"
"As for me and my house"
"We will not go gently."

Now the time has come when you must decide
To take two steps toward Texas tonight.